

Intro
-------


**Note:**
 This article is for the old Magic ETL. For information on the new Magic ETL, see

Magic ETL

.

Input and output DataSets are required for all Magic ETL transformation flows. At least one input DataSet is required, though you can include as many as necessary. One output DataSet is required at the end of a transformation flow; this is the DataSet you can then use to power Domo cards and apps.


 For information about creating a Magic ETL DataFlow, see

Creating a Magic ETL DataFlow

.


 For information about the Data Center, see

Data Center Layout

.


**Important:**
 Input DataSets in a DataFlow cannot be restricted by PDP policies—all available rows
 *must*
 pass through the DataFlow. Because of this you must apply PDP policies to the output DataSets generated by a DataFlow.


 When you build a DataFlow using an input DataSet with PDP policies in place, the DataFlow breaks unless at least one of the following criteria applies:

 You have an "Admin" security profile or a custom role with "Manage DataFlows" enabled.
* You are the DataSet owner.
* You are part of the "All Rows" policy. This gives you access to all of the rows in the DataSet.

For more information about using PDP with DataFlows, see

PDP and DataFusions/DataFlows

.


 Input DataSet
---------------

You can use the Input DataSet tile to add a DataSet to the transformation flow.


 There must be at least one Input DataSet in a transformation flow.

*Note:**
 The maximum number of columns allowed in the Magic ETL is 1500 columns.


###
 Configuration

*To configure the Input DataSet tile,**

. Ensure that the data you want to transform already exists in Domo as a DataSet.
2. Click the
 **Input DataSet**
 tile, then select the DataSet you want to transform.


###
 Details

Under the
 **Details**
 tab of the input tile, you can view the DataSets:

 Name
* Owner
* Number of rows
* Last Updated
* Column names and type


###
 Data

Select the
 **Data**
 tab to preview a table of the input data.


 Output DataSet
----------------

You can use the Output DataSet tile to output the transformed data as a DataSet. You can use this new DataSet to power up cards (or other DataFlows).


 There
 *must*
 be an Output DataSet in a transformation flow.

*Note:**
 Based on scheduled run settings, whenever the specified Input DataSet changes, the Magic ETL Dataflow performs the transform, updating the Output DataSet. For information about scheduling a Magic ETL DataFlow, see

Scheduling a Magic ETL DataFlow

.


###
 Configuration

*To configure the Output DataSet tile,**

. Ensure that a tile is connected to the
 **Output DataSet**
 tile and that all tiles are connected and configured in the transformation flow.
2. Click the
 **Output DataSet**
 tile, then specify the name of the DataSet you want to output by clicking

and entering a name and a description.


**Tip:**
 You can preview the data in the output DataSet by running a preview, clicking the
 **Output DataSet**
 tile, then clicking the
 **Preview**
 tab.


###
 Details

If the DataFlow has not run yet, the details available are the owner, column names, and column types. Once run successfully, you are able to view all of the same details listed above for the input tile.

