

Intro
-------

There are three tiles available in the DataSets tab of Magic ETL DataFlows:

 Input DataSet
* Output DataSet
* Writeback

Input and Output DataSet tiles are required for all Magic ETL DataFlows. At least one input DataSet is required, but you can include as many as you need. One output DataSet is required at the end of a DataFlow; this is the DataSet you can then use to power Domo Cards and Apps.

*Important:**
 There are significant behavioral differences in Magic ETL. Read our article about

Behavior Changes and Feature Updates in Magic ETL

before converting mission-critical Magic ETL DataFlows.
 **Failure to do so may result in an unintended change to the behavior of your DataFlow.**

For information about creating a Magic ETL DataFlow, see

Creating a Magic ETL DataFlow

.


 For information about the Data Center, see

Data Center Layout

.


**Important:**
 Input DataSets in a DataFlow cannot be restricted by PDP policies—all available rows
 *must*
 pass through the DataFlow. Because of this, you must apply PDP policies to the output DataSets generated by a DataFlow.


 When you build a DataFlow using an input DataSet with PDP policies in place, the DataFlow breaks unless at least one of the following criteria applies:

 You have an Admin security profile or a custom role with the Manage DataFlows grant.
* You are the DataSet owner.
* You are part of the "All Rows" policy. This gives you access to all of the rows in the DataSet.

For more information about using PDP with DataFlows, see

PDP and DataFlows/DataFusions

.


 This article describes DataSets tiles in Magic ETL DataFlows in the following topics:
 * Input DataSet tile
* Configuring input DataSet tiles
* Input DataSet details
* Output DataSet tile
* Configuring output DataSet tiles
* Output DataSet details
* Writeback tile
* Configuring writeback tiles
* Writeback tile details

Input DataSet Tile
----------------------


 You can use the Input DataSet tile to add a DataSet to the DataFlow. There
 *must*
 be at least one input DataSet in a DataFlow.


 After adding a DataSet, select the
 **Data**
 tab to preview a table of the input data.

*Note:**
 The maximum number of columns allowed in Magic ETL is 1500 columns.


 Virtual DataSets are different from Federated DataSets and are treated differently in Magic ETL. Virtual DataSets are accepted as inputs to Magic ETL, but Federated DataSets are not.
 ###


 Configuring Input DataSet Tiles

Follow these steps to configure an Input DataSet tile:

. Select the
 **Input DataSet**
 tile, then select the DataSet you want to transform. You can select an existing DataSet or select
 **Create New**
 to create a new DataSet to use.
2. Set the
 **Data Selection**
 to either
 **Entire DataSet**
 (default), which will use all of the rows in the DataSet, or
 **Only new rows**
 , which will process only the new rows added to the DataSet (this must be done on a DataSet set to Append, not Replace).
3. Set the column data types in the
 **Select Data Type**
 menu next to each column Data Type. This prevents any schema changes made to the input data from breaking your DataFlow.
4. Select

*Settings**
 and set the
 **Special Handling**
 for each column. This allows you to specify the
 **Parsing**
 of the data (only for Number and Date columns) and handling of
 **Bad values**
 and
 **Null values**
 in your column.

##


 Input DataSet Details

Under the
 **Details**
 tab of the input tile, you can view the DataSet's:

 Name
* Owner
* Number of cards
* Number of views
* Number of rows
* Date of last update
* Date of next update
* Column names and types

Output DataSet Tile
-----------------------


 You can use the Output DataSet tile to output the transformed data as a DataSet. You can use this new DataSet to power up cards (or other DataFlows).


 There
 *must*
 be an output DataSet in a DataFlow.

*Note:**
 Based on scheduled run settings, whenever the specified input DataSet changes, the Magic ETL DataFlow performs the transform and updates the output DataSet. For information about scheduling a Magic ETL DataFlow, see

Scheduling a Magic ETL DataFlow

.


###


 Configuring Output DataSet Tiles

Follow these steps to configure an Output DataSet tile:

. Make sure that a tile is connected to the
 **Output DataSet**
 tile and that all tiles are connected and configured in the transformation flow.
2. Select the
 **Output DataSet**
 tile, and then specify the name of the DataSet you want to output by selecting

*Edit**
 and entering a name and a description.
3. (Optional) Select the
 **Additional Options**
 menu and select
 **Update Method**
 to either
 **Replace data**
 (default) or
 **Append data**
 .


**Tip:**
 You can preview the data in the output DataSet by running a preview, selecting the
 **Output DataSet**
 tile, and then selecting the
 **Preview**
 tab

.

##


 Output DataSet Details

If the DataFlow has not yet run, the details available are the owner, column names, and column types. After it has run successfully, you can view all of the same

details for an input tile

.


 Writeback Tile
------------------


 You can use the Writeback tile to output the transformed data as a DataSet and send the data back to another system.

##


 Configuring Writeback Tiles

Follow these steps to configure a Writeback tile:

. Make sure that a tile is connected to the
 **Writeback**
 tile and that all tiles are connected and configured in the transformation flow.
2. Select the
 **Writeback**
 tile, and then specify the name of the DataSet you want to output by selecting

*Edit**
 and entering a name and a description.
3. (Optional) Select the
 **Additional Options**
 menu and select
 **Update Method**
 to either replace (default) or append data.
4. Select
 **Configure Writeback**
 , then select the Writeback Connector you want to use.


###


 Writeback Tile Details

If the DataFlow has not yet run, the details available are the owner, column names, and column types. After it has run successfully, you can view all of the same

details for an input tile

.

