

Intro
-------

Performance Horizon helps advertisers manage their relationships with marketing partners. To learn more about the Performance Horizon API, visit their page (

https://performancehorizon.docs.apiary.io/

).


 You connect to your Performance Horizon account in the Data Center. This topic discusses the fields and menus that are specific to the Performance Horizon connector user interface. General information for adding DataSets, setting update schedules, and editing DataSet information is discussed in

Adding a DataSet Using a Data Connector

.


 Prerequisites
---------------

To connect to your Performance Horizon account and create a DataSet, you must have the following:

 A Performance Horizon application key
* A Performance Horizon user API key

You can find both of these in
 **PHG Console > Reporting > Report Download Options**
 . They are shown in the format

https://application\_key:user\_api\_key...cehorizon.com/

.


 Connecting to Your Performance Horizon Account
------------------------------------------------


 This section enumerates the options in the
 **Credentials**
 and
 **Details**
 panes in the Performance Horizon Connector page. The components of the other panes in this page,
 **Scheduling**
 and
 **Name & Describe Your DataSet**
 , are universal across most connector types and are discussed in greater length in

Adding a DataSet Using a Data Connector

.


###

Credentials Pane


 This pane contains fields for entering credentials to connect to your Performance Horizon account. The following table describes what is needed for each field:


|

Field

|

Description

|
| --- | --- |
|
 Application Key
  |
 Enter your Performance Horizon application key.
  |
|
 User API Key
  |
 Enter your Performance Horizon user API key.
  |

For information about finding these credentials, see "Prerequisites," above.

Once you have entered valid Performance Horizon credentials, you can use the same account any time you go to create a new Performance Horizon DataSet. You can manage connector accounts in the
 **Accounts**
 tab in the Data Center. For more information about this tab, see

Managing User Accounts for Connectors

.


###
 Details Pane

This pane contains a primary
 **Reports**
 menu, along with various other menus which may or may not appear depending on the report type you select.


 Menu
  |
 Description
  |
| --- | --- |
|
 Report
  |
 Select the Performance Horizon report you want to run. The following reports are available:


|  |  |
| --- | --- |
|
 Aggregate Advertiser Overview
  |
 Returns aggregation stats for the requested pivot within the requested time period for advertiser.
  |
|
 Aggregate Publisher Overview
  |
 Returns aggregation stats for the requested pivot within the requested time period for publisher.
  |
|
 Granual Advertiser Report for Conversion
  |
 Returns the details of all Conversions attached to the Campaign within the requested time period.
  |
|
 Granual Publisher Report for Conversion
  |
 Returns the details of all Conversions generated by the Publisher within the requested time period.
  |
|
 Invoices
  |
 Returns all Invoices that have been created.
  |
|
 Selfbills
  |
 Returns all Selfbills that have been created.
  |

|
|
 Campaign
  |
 Select the campaign you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Publisher
  |
 Select the publisher you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Advertiser
  |
 Select the advertiser you want to retrieve data for.`
  |
|
 Pivot (for "Aggregate Advertiser" and "Aggregate Publisher" reports)
  |
 Select the entity you want to aggregate on. The following entities are available:


|  |  |
| --- | --- |
|
 adref ("Aggregate Advertiser" only)
  |
 All advertisers referenced through tracking.
  |
|
 agent
  |
 The type of device used.
  |
|
 country
  |
 All countries detected from tracking events.
  |
|
 creative
  |
 Stats related to all active creatives.
  |
|
 custref
  |
 Optional customer identifiers referenced in tracking.
  |
|
 primary
  |
 All publishers.
  |
|
 product
  |
 All tracked item categories.
  |
|
 pubref ("Aggregate Publisher" only)
  |
 All publishers referenced through tracking.
  |
|
 self
  |
 Totals for the campaign.
  |
|
 type
  |
 The type of each conversion.
  |

|
|
 Sort
  |
 Select how you want your report data to be sorted. The following options are available:


|  |  |
| --- | --- |
|
 default
  |
 Default sort is applied.
  |
|
 click
  |
 The number of clicks.
  |
|
 commission
  |
 The amount of commission.
  |
|
 conversion
  |
 The number of conversions.
  |
|
 ordervalue
  |
 The amount of order value (revenue)
  |

|
|
 Duration
  |
 Select whether you want to pull data for a specific date or a date range.
  |
|
 Report Date
  |
 Select whether the report data is for a specific date or for a relative number of days back from today.
  |
|
 Select Specific Date
  |
 Select the date for the report.
  |
|
 Days Back
  |
 Enter the number of past days that should appear in the report.
  |
|
 Start Date
  |
 Specify whether the first date in your date range is a specific or relative date. You select the last date in your range in
 **End Date**
 .
  |
|
 End Date
  |
 Specify whether the second date in your date range is a specific or relative date. You select the first date in your range in
 **Start Date**
 .
  |
|
 Select Specific Start Date
  |
 Select the first date in your date range.
  |
|
 Select Specific End Date
  |
 Select the second date in your date range.
  |
|
 Days Back to Start From
  |
 Enter the number of the farthest day back that should be represented in the report. Combine with
 **Days Back to End At**
 to create a range of represented days.


 For example, if you entered

10

for
 **Days Back to Start From**
 and

5

for
 **Days Back to End At**
 , the report would contain data for 10 days ago up until 5 days ago.
  |
|
 Days Back to End At
  |
 Enter the number of the most recent day back that should be represented in the report. Combine with
 **Days Back to Start From**
 to create a range of represented days.


 For example, if you entered

10

for
 **Days Back to Start From**
 and

5

for
 **Days Back to End At**
 , the report would contain data for 10 days ago up until 5 days ago.
  |


###
 Other Panes

For information about the remaining sections of the connector interface, including how to configure scheduling, retry, and update options, see

Adding a DataSet Using a Data Connector

.

