

Intro
-------

Shopify is an ecommerce platform that enables individuals and businesses to create online stores

.

To learn more about the Shopify API, go to

https://docs.shopify.com/api

.


 This custom version of the Shopify connector with Domo allows you to create personalised dashboards with product, sales, inventory, and even customer data all in one place. For information about the basic version, see

Shopify Connector

.


 The Shopify Custom connector integrates Shopify data, including data on customers, orders, marketing efforts, pages, and more. In the Data Center, you can access the connector page for this and other Cloud App connectors by clicking
 **Cloud App**
 in the toolbar at the top of the window.


 This topic discusses the fields and menus that are specific to the Shopify Custom connector user interface. For general information about adding DataSets, setting update schedules, and editing DataSet information, see

Adding a DataSet Using a Data Connector

.

  |  |
| --- | --- |
|
**Primary Use Cases**
 |
 This connector is appropriate for retrieving data for ecommerce sales, inventory, deliveries, and the like. It also supports blog and marketing information.
  |
| **Primary Metrics**  |
 Returns sales information for your ecommerce shop. You can also get metrics on the blog and marketing side of your business.
  |
|
**Primary Company Roles**
 | * Warehouse managers
* Ecommerce shop admins
* Online sales
* Owner/C-Suite
 |
|
**Average Implementation Time**
 |
 Depends on the date range, but generally between 1 and 3 hours
  |
|
**Ease of Use (on a 1-to-10 scale with 1 being easiest)**
 |
 6
  |

Prerequisites
---------------

To connect to your Shopify Custom account and create a DataSet, you must have the following:

 The name of your shop.
* The email address and password associated with your Shopify account.
* The Admin API access token.

Connecting to Your Shopify Custom App Account
-----------------------------------------------

This section enumerates the options in the
 **Credentials**
 and
 **Details**
 panes in the Shopify Custom Connector page. The components of the other panes in this page,
 **Scheduling**
 and
 **Name & Describe Your DataSet**
 , are universal across most connector types and are discussed in greater length in

Adding a DataSet Using a Data Connector

.

##
 Credentials Pane

This pane contains two fields where you enter the name of your shop.  and the Admin API access token. You can find out the name of your shop by looking at your Shopify URL. For example, in the Shopify URL


 domo.shopify.com


 , the shop name would be

domo

. The Admin API Access can be generated by creating and installing the app and then making an authentication request. For more details, see

Create and install a custom app

.


 In the Microsoft OAuth page, enter the username and password for your shop.


 After you have entered valid Shopify credentials, you can use the same account in Domo any time you create a Shopify DataSet. You can manage connector accounts in the
 **Accounts**
 tab in the

Data Center

. For more information about this tab, see

Managing User Accounts for Connectors

.

##
 Details Pane

This pane contains one primary menu,
 **Report**
 , and other menus that appear depending on the report you select.

*Note:**
 Currently you can enter only one search string in fields that request search strings, such as
 **Order Name**
 .


|
 Menu
  |
 Description
  |
| --- | --- |
|
 Report
  |
 Select the desired Shopify report. The following reports are available:


|  |  |
| --- | --- |
|
 All Articles
  |
 Returns information about articles published within a specified blog.
  |
|
 All Application Charges
  |
 Returns information about application charges for your shop.
  |
|
 All Blogs
  |
 Returns information about your blogs, such as creation and last update times, handle, title, etc.
  |
|
 All Collections
  |
 Returns information about collections, such as creation and last update times, product and collection IDs, etc.
  |
|
 All Comments
  |
 Returns information about comments you have received.
  |
|
 All Countries
  |
 Returns aggregated information about all countries you do business with, including country codes, provinces, shipping costs, etc.
  |
|
 All Custom Collections
  |
 Returns information about custom collections, such as titles, publication and update times, handles, etc.
  |
|
 All Customers
  |
 Returns information about customers, including first and last names, email addresses, ID numbers, physical addresses, etc.
  |
|
 All Customer Saved Searches
  |
 Returns information about customer saved searches, including customer name, ID, search query, etc..
  |
|
 All Checkouts
  |
 Returns information about checkouts, including customer email, customer first and last name, shipping address, amount spent, etc.
  |
|
 All Fulfillments
  |
 Returns information about fulfillments for a given order.
  |
|
 All Orders
  |
 Returns information about all orders, including customer contact information, amount spent, billing and shipping address, etc.
  |
|
 All Pages
  |
 Returns information about all pages, including title, author name, HTML body text, publication date, etc.
  |
|
 All Products
  |
 Returns information about products, including product category, name, description text, etc.
  |
|
 All Products All Variants
  |
 Returns information about products and variants, including product category, name, description text, etc.
  |
|
 All Provinces of Country
  |
 Returns information about all provinces for a given country, including province code, name, and tax data.
  |
|
 All Recurring Application Charges
  |
 Returns information about recurring application charges for your shop.
  |
|
 All Redirects
  |
 Returns a list of all redirects within your shop.
  |
|
 All Script Tags
  |
 Returns a list of script tags within your shop.
  |
|
 All Smart Collections
  |
 Returns information about all of your smart collections, including publication date, title, HTML body text, etc.
  |
|
 All Themes
  |
 Returns information about your themes, including name, ID, creation and last update times, etc.
  |
|
 All Transactions for Order
  |
 Returns information about transactions for a given order.
  |
|
 All Variants for Product
  |
 Returns information about variants for a given product, including barcode number, price, weight, inventory quantity, etc.
  |
|
 Get Application Charge
  |
 Returns information about a given application charge.
  |
|
 Get Article
  |
 Returns information about an article within a specified blog.
  |
|
 Get Assets in a Theme
  |
 Returns information about assets within a specified theme.
  |
|
 Get Blog
  |
 Returns information about a specified blog.
  |
|
 Get Comments on Article
  |
 Returns information about comments made for an article within a specified blog.
  |
|
 Get Comments on Blog
  |
 Returns information about comments made within a specified blog.
  |
|
 Get Country
  |
 Returns information about a specified country, including information about all provinces you have done business with.
  |
|
 Get Custom Collection
  |
 Returns information about a specified custom collection.
  |
|
 Get Customer
  |
 Returns information about a specified customer, including email address, physical address, ID of the last order made, etc.
  |
|
 Get Customer Saved Search
  |
 Returns information about a specified customer saved search.
  |
|
 Get Order
  |
 Returns information about a specified order, including customer contact information, amount spent, billing and shipping address, etc.
  |
|
 Get Page
  |
 Returns information for a specified page, including title, author name, HTML body text, publication date, etc.
  |
|
 Get Product
  |
 Returns information about a specified product, including barcode number, price, weight, inventory quantity, etc.
  |
|
 Get Product Variant
  |
 Returns information about a specified product variant, including barcode number, price, weight, inventory quantity, etc.
  |
|
 Get Recurring Application Charge
  |
 Returns information about a specified recurring application charge.
  |
|
 Get Risks for Order
  |
 Returns information about risks for a specified order.
  |
|
 Get Smart Collection
  |
 Returns information about a specified smart collection.
  |
|
 Get Theme
  |
 Returns information about a specified theme, including name, ID, creation and last update time, etc.
  |
|
 Search Customers
  |
 Returns information about all customers with a specified first name, including email address, ID, last order placed, physical address, etc.
  |
|
 Shop
  |
 Returns information about your shop, including name, location, latitude and longitude, email address, phone number, tax data, etc.
  |
|
 Webhooks
  |
 Returns information about webhooks for your shop.
  |


 |
|
 Application Charge Name
  |
 Enter the name of the application charge you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Article Name
  |
 Enter the name of the article you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Blog Name
  |
 Enter the name of the blog you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Country Name
  |
 Enter the name of the country you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Created After
  |
 Enter a number of days. Your report compiles all items created since that number of days. Use the format

x days

. For example, if you entered
 `45 days`
 , your report would contain items created within the last 45 days.


 You can combine this with
 **Created Before**
 to pull created items for ranges of days. For example, if you entered

45 days

for
 **Created After**
 and

30 days

for
 **Created Before**
 , your report would contain items created between 30 and 45 days ago.
  |
|
 Created Before
  |
 Enter a number of days. Your report compiles all items created before that number of days. Use the format

x days

. For example, if you entered
 `45 days`
 , your report would contain items created before 45 days ago.


 You can combine this with
 **Created After**
 to pull created items for ranges of days. For example, if you entered

45 days

for
 **Created After**
 and

30 days

for
 **Created Before**
 , your report would contain items created between 30 and 45 days ago.
  |
|
 Custom Collection Name
  |
 Enter the name of the custom collection you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Customer Saved Search Name
  |
 Enter a saved search name for a customer to retrieve data related to that search.
  |
|
 Financial Status
  |
 Select whether the report contains information for paid, authorized, refunded, voided, or abandoned orders. If you select
 **Any**
 , all items are shown regardless of financial status.
  |
|
 First Name
  |
 Enter the first name of the customer you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Fulfillment Status
  |
 Select whether the report contains information for partial, shipped, or unshipped orders. If you select
 **Any**
 , all items are shown regardless of fulfillment status.
  |
|
 Handle
  |
 Enter the handle you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Last Name
  |
 Enter the last name of the customer you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Order Name
  |
 Enter the name of the order you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Page Title
  |
 Enter the page title you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Product Name
  |
 Enter the name of the product you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Product Type
  |
 Enter the product type you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Product Variant Name
  |
 Enter the product variant name you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Published After
  |
 Enter a number of days. Your report compiles all items published after that number of days. Use the format

x days

. For example, if you entered

45 days

, your report would contain items published within the last 45 days.


 You can combine this with
 **Published Before**
 to pull published items for ranges of days. For example, if you entered

45 days

for
 **Published After**
 and

30 days

for
 **Published Before**
 , your report would contain items published between 30 and 45 days ago.
  |
|
 Published Before
  |
 Enter a number of days. Your report compiles all items published before that number of days. Use the format

x days

. For example, if you entered
 `45 days`
 , your report would contain items published before the last 45 days.


 You can combine this with
 **Published After**
 to pull published items for ranges of days. For example, if you entered

45 days

for
 **Published After**
 and

30 days

for
 **Published Before**
 , your report would contain items updated between 30 and 45 days ago.
  |
|
 Published Status
  |
 Select whether the report contains information for published or unpublished items. If you select
 **Any**
 , both published and unpublished items are shown.
  |
|
 Recurring Application Charge Name
  |
 Enter the name of the recurring application charge you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Smart Collection Name
  |
 Enter the name of the smart collection you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Status
  |
 Select whether the report contains information for cancelled, closed, or open items. If you select
 **Any**
 , all items are shown regardless of status.
  |
|
 Theme Name
  |
 Enter the name of the theme you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Title
  |
 Enter the title of the page or collection you want to retrieve data for.
  |
|
 Updated After
  |
 Enter a number of days. Your report compiles all items updated after that number of days. Use the format

x days

. For example, if you entered

45 days

, your report would contain items updated within the last 45 days.


 You can combine this with
 **Updated Before**
 to pull updated items for ranges of days. For example, if you entered

45 days

for
 **Updated After**
 and

30 days

for
 **Updated  Before**
 , your report would contain items updated between 30 and 45 days ago.
  |
|
 Updated Before
  |
 Enter a number of days. Your report compiles all items updated before that number of days. Use the format

x days

. For example, if you entered

45 days

, your report would contain items updated before the last 45 days.


 You can combine this with
 **Updated After**
 to pull updated items for ranges of days. For example, if you entered

45 days

for
 **Updated After**
 and

30 days

for
 **Updated Before**
 , your report would contain items updated between 30 and 45 days ago.
  |
|
 Vendor
  |
 Enter the name of the vendor you want to retrieve data for.
  |


###
 Other Panes

For information about the remaining sections of the connector interface, including how to configure scheduling, retry, and update options, see

Adding a DataSet Using a Data Connector

.


 Troubleshooting
-----------------

Ensure the
 **Shop Name**
 you enter in the
 **Credentials**
 pane is just the subdomain of your URL. For example, the
 **Shop Name**
 for


 domo.shopify.com


 would be

domo

.

##
 FAQs


####
 When should I use this connector?

Using Shopify Customer app connector with Domo, you can create personalised dashboards with product, sales, inventory, and even customer data all in one place.

###
 What endpoint is the base URL for this connector?

The base URL for the Shopify Custopm App connector is

https://%s.myshopify.com/admin/api/2022-07

.

###
 Which endpoint does each report call in this connector?


|
 Report Name
  |
 Endpoint URL
  |
| --- | --- |
|
 Application Charges
  |
 /application\_charges.json
  |
|
 Application Credits
  |
 /application\_credits
  |
|
 Articles
  |
 /blogs/{blogIds}/articles.json
  |
|
 Assets
  |
 /themes/assets.json
  |
|
 Blogs
  |
 /blogs.json
  |
|
 Carrier Services
  |
 /carrier\_services
  |
|
 Checkouts
  |
 /checkouts.json
  |
|
 Collects
  |
 /collects.json
  |
|
 Comments
  |
 /comments.json
  |
|
 Countries
  |
 /countries.json
  |
|
 Custom Collections
  |
 /custom\_collections.json
  |
|
 Customer Saved Searches
  |
 /customer\_saved\_searches.json
  |
|
 Customers
  |
 /customers
  |
|
 Discount Codes
  |
 /price\_rules/discount\_codes
  |
|
 Disputes
  |
 /shopify\_payments/disputes
  |
|
 Draft Orders
  |
 /draft\_orders
  |
|
 Gift Cards (Shopify Plus)
  |
 /gift\_cards
  |
|
 Inventory Items
  |
 /inventory\_items
  |
|
 Fulfillments
  |
 /orders/{orderId}/fulfillments
  |
|
 Locations
  |
 /locations
  |
|
 Marketing Events
  |
 /marketing\_events
  |
|
 Orders
  |
 /orders
  |
|
 Pages
  |
 /pages
  |
|
 Payouts
  |
 /shopify\_payments/payouts
  |
|
 Policies
  |
 /policies
  |
|
 Price Rules
  |
 /price\_rules
  |
|
 Product Variants
  |
 /products/{productId}/variants
  |
|
 Products
  |
 /products
  |
|
 Provinces of Country
  |
 /countries/provinces
  |
|
 Recurring Application Charges
  |
 /recurring\_application\_charges
  |
|
 Redirects
  |
 /redirects
  |
|
 Refunds
  |
 /orders/{orderId}/refunds
  |
|
 Resource Feedback
  |
 /resource\_feedback
  |
|
 Order Risks
  |
 /orders/{orderId}/risks
  |
|
 Script Tags
  |
 /script\_tags
  |
|
 Shipping Zones
  |
 /shipping\_zones
  |
|
 Shop
  |
 /shop
  |
|
 Smart Collections
  |
 /smart\_collections
  |
|
 Themes
  |
 /themes
  |
|
 Transactions
  |
 /orders/{orderId}/transactions
  |
|
 Usage Charges
  |
 /recurring\_application\_charges/usage\_charges
  |
|
 Webhooks
  |
 /webhooks
  |


####
 What kind of credentials do I need to power up this connector?

You need the name of your Shopify shop to power up this connector, and your Shopify username and password. Shop owners can use the connector without setting any additional permissions. However, if you have a limited user account - a
 **Staff**
 account, you will need to ensure that you have permissions to
 **Apps**
 and any other resources you wish to pull from the connector. Visit

Shopify documentation

.

###
 Where do I get my Shopify shop name in the credentials section?

The Shopify shop name is found in your shop dashboard URL. For example, if your shop dashboard is

domo.shopify.com

, your shop name is "domo".

###
 Can I use the same account for multiple datasets?

Yes

###
 How often can the data be updated?

As often as needed.

